CSB-891 Updated documentation for installation (#26)
cast-org/clusive: INSTALL.md

# Installation of Clusive

Clusive can be installed locally for development or for production use via Docker.

## Local Installation

### Prerequisites

* [Python 3](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
  * Version 3.7.4 or later. On Mac, Homebrew is the easiest way to install
* [virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) 
  * Highly recommended for maintaining an isolated environment and dependencies
* [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/) 
  * Version 11.5 or later. Used in the deployment configuration 
* [npm/grunt](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) 

>   * Used as a build system to manage all other dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
  * Used for the build system and to manage all other dependencies using:
    * [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) - Package manager
    * [Grunt](https://gruntjs.com/) - Task runner
```

Reviewer 2: If I understand correctly, npm is the prerequisite that you need to install manually.  You should get grunt installed for you when you type 'npm install'.

Reviewer: - npm is installed when Node.js is installed.
- grunt is installed by `npm install`

* possible solutions for [certificate issues](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38916452/nltk-download-ssl-certificate-verify-failed) on Mac

### Initialize Local Database

The local development configuration uses sqlite3, so no database setup is required.

Run in the /target directory:
* `python manage.py migrate`

### Create a Superuser

Run in the /target directory:
* `python manage.py createsuperuser`

### Verify the Application

Run in the /target directory:
* Launch the server `python manage.py runserver` from the target directory
* Verify Clusive Learning Environment login page `http://localhost:8000`
* Verify Clusive Admin site with the superuser login `http://localhost:8000/admin/`

### Import Default Content

In the Clusive Admin site, navigate to "Books" and click "Rescan Books" to load the default content.

### Import Custom Content

To add additional content, each EPUB must be unpacked, a manifest generated, and the files manually 
made part of the application's static files:
* Clone and install [r2-shared-js](https://github.com/readium/r2-shared-js) from Github
* Unpack EPUBs in the r2-shared-js directory
  * `npm run cli file.epub output-dir`

> * Copy unpacked EPUB directory in output-dir to `/shared/static/shared/pubs/short-name-for-new-pub`

Reviewer 2: Insert: grunt build-noclean
